Thank you.
What? Okay.
I can't imagine how devastated
you must be to have lost your child.
But his sacrifice won't be in vain.
Be strong.
Mr. Park, you don't need to worry
about the Han I-sep abduction case.
We've broken the hostage situation
in the news to take care of it neatly--
Stop. How could you be so inconsiderate?
They just lost their child.
Right.
I heard your daughter
is being held at Hosu University.
Yes,
I just found out
that Yeong-ro is one of the hostages.
He's just so worried about our country
even when his children are in danger.
-Stop it.
-It's just…
I'm sure the people will appreciate
your true patriotism someday.
Stay strong.
Let's go.
I can't believe you!
I just…
I mean,
since when were
Mr. Park and Eun that close?
If Mr. Park is to be elected president,
you'll end up as a fifth wheel.
That's enough!
What do you even know? Don't jinx it.
I mean,
he used to treat Eun like a nobody
until recently. What's changed?
What a sly snake.
He's after sympathy votes
he might get thanks to Eun.
If the Han I-seop case broke out without
any counterplan, he would've chewed me up!
Wait.
So there's a counterplan
to bury the Professor Han scandal?
What do I do with you?
Eun's wife caught on quick.
You seriously don't know?
What other than the hostage situation?
You'll use the hostage-taking?
But what if something
happens to the students?
Do you think--
That's not important right now!
Look how well the former actress is
supporting her husband. What about you?
All you do is act
like the leader among some ladies.
My goodness.
Honey.
Don't worry about a thing.
No matter what Ms. Hong does,
unless 13 people die,
it'll be all for nothing.
What are you talking about?
For Eun to become president,
13 young virgins must die
according to the fortuneteller!
Again? You went to see
a fortuneteller again?
He's not just any fortuneteller.
Even when you agonized
over whether to join the coup,
he's the one who told me you should
take out the commander and join it!
Are you a birdbrain? Are you?
I told you never to talk about it!
How many times must I tell you?
Right.
Gosh.
I'm sorry, honey.
I forgot.
You must want to screw me over.
There's no other explanation.
God damn it!
Darn it.
That little sly minx.
Mr. An. Can't you see what I mean?
I know the fact that he died
during the engagement is important,
but the fact that the director
sent his own son to the front lines…
No!
You should leave out the protesting part.
People need to know
he sent his son to the front lines
so that they'll be
impressed by his patriotism.
I understand, ma'am.
Mr. Eun will make a great
presidential candidate in the future.
And I'll make sure people
will remember that.